Addition of browser_specific_settings.gecko_android (#26171)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/113/index.md

- When an extension registers multiple listeners for the same event, all the event listeners are called when the event page wakes up, instead of only the first one ([Firefox bug 1798655](https://bugzil.la/1798655)).
- Support is now provided for the {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest")}} API ([Firefox bug 1782685](https://bugzil.la/1782685)).

> - Adds a `gecko_android` subkey to the [`browser_specific_settings`](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_specific_settings) key to enable an extension to specify the range of Firefox for Android versions it is compatible with ([Firefox bug 1824237](https://bugzil.la/1824237)).

Author: A couple of points here:
- "A new … is added" adds unnecessary redundancy. It also feels like a slightly old construct for modern English. 
-  while the original sentence is long, at 25 words, it's just on the limit of what's considered readable. Although I would agree that splitting it is preferable.
- the key doesn't "allow" it "enables". That is, it does not give you permission to specify the range of versions, it provides you with the ability to specify the range of versions.

> - Adds a `gecko_android` subkey to the [`browser_specific_settings`](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_specific_settings) key to enable an extension to specify the range of Firefox for Android versions it is compatible with ([Firefox bug 1824237](https://bugzil.la/1824237)).

Reviewer: Thanks for also correcting the distinction between the doer - 'allows "you"' vs 'enables "an extension"'.

> - Adds a `gecko_android` subkey to the [`browser_specific_settings`](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_specific_settings) key to enable an extension to specify the range of Firefox for Android versions it is compatible with ([Firefox bug 1824237](https://bugzil.la/1824237)).

Author: FYI the difference between allows and enables is not the actor it's the action. It's the difference between a fishing rod enabling someone to fish and a fishing license allowing someone to fish.

- When an extension registers multiple listeners for the same event, all the event listeners are called when the event page wakes up, instead of only the first one ([Firefox bug 1798655](https://bugzil.la/1798655)).
- Support is now provided for the {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest")}} API ([Firefox bug 1782685](https://bugzil.la/1782685)).

> - Adds the `gecko_android` subkey to the [`browser_specific_settings`](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_specific_settings) key. This subkey enables an extension to specify the range of Firefox for Android versions it is compatible with ([Firefox bug 1824237](https://bugzil.la/1824237)).

Reviewer: How about the following to make it a complete sentence, though passive, but similar to other sentences on this page:

```suggestion
- The `gecko_android` subkey has been added to the [`browser_specific_settings`](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_specific_settings) key. This subkey enables an extension to specify the range of Firefox for Android versions it is compatible with ([Firefox bug 1824237](https://bugzil.la/1824237)).
```
